“
"Better to be No.2 than No.1", that's my motto!
”
—Hol Horse
Hol Horse (ホル・ホース, Horu Hōsu) is a minor recurring antagonist featured in Stardust Crusaders.
Hol Horse is a mercenary wielding Emperor, a Stand that looks like and functions like a gun. He was originally sent by DIO to confront the Joestar Group alongside J. Geil. However, after his partner is defeated first, he makes a tactical retreat, returning for two following encounters. He first reappears caught in the cross fire of Enya the Hag's own attempt to kill the Joestar Group and one last time to attack them himself alongside Boingo, finally being defeated in the latter encounter.
Hol Horse also appears in the spin-off manga "Crazy Diamond's Demonic Heartbreak" as a main character.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 1 (ホル·ホースとボインゴ その1, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono Ichi) is the thirty-sixth episode of Stardust Crusaders, the twelfth episode of the Egypt Arc, and the sixty-second episode of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure anime. It covers Chapter 210 and Chapter 217 through first few pages of Chapter 219 of the manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 2 (ホル·ホースとボインゴ その2, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono Ni) is the thirty-seventh episode of Stardust Crusaders, the thirteenth episode of the Egypt Arc, and the sixty-third episode of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure anime. It covers most of Chapter 219 through Chapter 221 of the manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 5 (ホル・ホースとボインゴ その⑤, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono 5), originally My Predictions Are Never Wrong (予知にまちがいはなかった, Yochi ni Machigai wa Nakatta) in the WSJ release, is the one hundred eighth chapter of Stardust Crusaders and the two hundred twenty-first chapter of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo (ホル・ホースとボインゴ, Horu Hōsu to Boingo) is the twenty-third story arc in Stardust Crusaders.
It narrates Hol Horse and Boingo's comical attempt at assassinating the Joestar Group.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 4 (ホル・ホースとボインゴ その④, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono 4), originally Striking at Exactly Midday (正午キッカリに命中, Shōgo Kikkari ni Meichū) in the WSJ release, is the one hundred seventh chapter of Stardust Crusaders and the two hundred twentieth chapter of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 3 (ホル・ホースとボインゴ その③, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono 3), originally My Predictions Are Infallible (予知は絶対, Yochi wa Zettai) in the WSJ release, is the one hundred sixth chapter of Stardust Crusaders and the two hundred nineteenth chapter of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 2 (ホル・ホースとボインゴ その②, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono 2), originally Sticking Your Fingers in a Nose (鼻に指をつっこめ, Hana ni Yubi O Tsukkome) in the WSJ release, is the one hundred fifth chapter of Stardust Crusaders and the two hundred eighteenth chapter of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga.

Hol Horse and Boingo, Part 1 (ホル・ホースとボインゴ その①, Horu Hōsu to Boingo Sono 1), originally A New Team Is Formed (新コンビ誕生, Shin Konbi Tanjō) in the WSJ release, is the one hundred fourth chapter of Stardust Crusaders and the two hundred seventeenth chapter of the JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga.